c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\PlayMaker.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.Base.mm.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\PlayMaker.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.Base.mm.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\0Harmony.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\BepInEx.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\ModTheGungeonAPI.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\PlayMaker.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Networking.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StandardEvents.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Timeline.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\0Harmony.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\ModTheGungeonAPI.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
C:\Users\Andries\Documents\GitHub\GungeonCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CopyComplete
